well let's see let's steal a couple of
news from Uncle South go on I want to
steal him around here okay I was going to watch them in
private but I say Well we'll see them here
we take an extract this one of
orlock explodes with Barbie just the other
day we saw the big explosion of chocas
with the whole
permas issue we left out a
very important and very explosive opinion that of
orsl would start exploding with bar uncle I do
n't want to talk without context because I
want to see the clips and I want to see what
each person said but it really seems to me So we've been
crying for 24 hours we've been crying for 24 hours straight
uninterrupted because we've
killed someone in a
zombie survival series called permes and we've been crying for 24 hours
uninterrupted people go
cry on other channels to a talk show
to cry because we killed her in
a Hardcore survival video game series
called perm dez which is from
a really [ __ ] up game That if a zombie scratches you your
character is deleted It's that
really  it's a joke It's just that the truth is there are
times that I just don't believe
the world we live in there are
times that I just don't believe the world
we live in man It's that I don't want it's that I don't
want to get angry and I don't want to insult
anyone really but it seems like
an outrage to me orlo then he would explain to us
the reason for his anger I have to
worry about the content of the rest of
the people but what are you telling me a kiss
Maluma baby man What are you
telling me but How can we spend
24 hours of crying over a [ __ ]
video game It's just that it pisses me off
you know what pisses me off what
touches me to piss you I laughed the other day when
we saw this gossip eh And we weren't interested in
a [ __ ] [ __ ] Eh the balls aren't
the crying and that now either you crash or
Maximus who is the one who is the least Ugh, wow,
what a bad face hlo has in the
live shows you In fact if hostile of
bad people what really
pisses me off this story is that if the same as  we have
done what is play the
game play the same game that we have
done tomorrow Today yesterday the first
day they do it to me I'm playing the
game and a guy appears and shoots me
and kills me I say Gigi Congratulations you
beat me at sucking it I'm going to play
baloran or to put it up the ass I'm going to spend
24 hours crying because you
killed me in a game that can kill
people but we're crazy man but
have some sportsmanship that's what's
missing sportsmanship we are playing a
game we are playing a game that is
competitive bro we are playing a game
in which people die we are playing
a game in which not everyone can win
not everyone can win at the end of the
series x number of people survive
four five three or whatever they can't
all win So why the
[ __ ] do I have to why the [ __ ] do I have to
worry about you and too much
content but what are you telling me
man have some sportsmanship man
and then also challenge them and tell them
that they have not had it his bavilla falls and
everything eh Amanda balls of anger for them
in  game but we're crazy man but
people are crazy man besides it's that I do
n't know I don't know what's worse if
the people we've killed cry or
the people who continue playing cry I do
n't know what I think is worse bro if the
people who continue playing and cry bro if it's
so annoying Play game come for
us throw some balls what's
missing you take the game you
get together and kill us man and you look like
Kings and you look like gods and it
has 3000 views lords currently
thanks to my videos 3000 views
this [ __ ] [ __ ] has You previous there is no
human being on planet earth
who doesn't know that the youtuber giving the
reviews stole 2 million dollars from
his followers with the
[Laughs]
Oh my God my life honesty and my
word before the [ __ ] money but I've
never had the opportunity to
prove it it was in this video of
Auron's t
no it wasn't in this video about
Auron's tweet you
Hey by the way dude what the [ __ ]
[Music]
going on what was this  no what the [ __ ] is going on in
Madrid the
weekend is coming man I have to
go to Madrid I'm not going to the [ __ ] hotels I do
n't even know if I'm going to fall asleep I'm going to
be like the other day and I'm going to go
record and I'm going to come back man because don't
you see the dive man and you kill the bad guys
because that's what we are the bad guys it's not
two million eh 2s million d to the
[ __ ] You could invite yourself something couple of
balls you get together in the game and come for
us and kill us if you have
problems in game resolved problems in game
if it bothers you how we play play better than
us don't have problems in game and
exit the game go on Just
chatting and start crying if you have
problems in game I resolved it in game And
if we are that bad you get together and
kill us man if you have a couple of balls
but you don't have them I have 50 hours in pro
zone Boy 50 hours 50 hours yesterday I played 11
the day before I played  10 or so just in
permet I've already played 30 hours, yeah I
have 50 hours of play for them to
tell me that I'm a TR that I've learned to
play the game these days and then
comment that everyone can play however they
want bro if we were hunting
Players if we were raiding houses
if we were doing mg looking for
this Flama the bastard eh people on the
map to kill her Look I could even
understand it that neither Well if
smg would be it would be wrong but if she's
playing super Look I could even
understand it But bro to all the
Peas that we killed that last one live
is for it Juan but you guys are understanding it
but what is it that you are
attending to it and everything we killed her in a [ __ ]
pvp event a pvp event within a
pvp series within a pvp video game
Survival Hardcore zombie I mean but what
explanation am I giving but but but but
who am I talking to dude have
some sportsmanship dude stop
crying you're all crybabies dude
you are crybabies and what I  it [ __ ] me up and I
repeat it again what [ __ ] me up It's not that you have
me or chocas or mximo
especially from de bad person who doesn't give a damn
Bro I don't give a damn What
[ __ ] me up is knowing that if the same thing
had happened to me this whole thing wouldn't happen
If yesterday or tomorrow or the day
before a guy showed up in a car and
shot me G [ __ ] G disconnect
Thanks for inviting me sily tur cone
Thanks to all what a [ __ ] the one who
killed me has killed me what a [ __ ] G
[ __ ] g on to something else man get on with my [ __ ]
life get on with my [ __ ] channel and make
my content what is this man but
we're crazy and to the people we've
killed the people we've killed have
sportsmanship first because if they
kill me I assure you that I would have it I
assure you that I would have it and secondly to
the people we haven't killed and asor a
de hevos then I would say that the people who
complain only want to gain interactions
these people don't want to play the game these
people what they want is content these
people what they want  is to farm clips these
people want to interact with
all the streamers you want content
these people what they want is to farm CP
these people let's
see people don't want to play the game
people what you want
content these people what
[Music] you
want people [ __ ] man, I'm like that man,
listen to me like that you can't do a
stream man, yeah, if you don't like the game, do
n't do a stream you want to interact
with all the streamers to get their
clips and take their viers then
suck my ass bro I want to play
and I want to play the game and if I can
win it I don't want to farm cps I'm not here
for the laughs noo I'm not here to make
friends I'm not here to make friends I like to
roleplay and if I run into someone I can
talk, interact but I'm not
playing mar bella B not me bro I
'm playing a zombie survival that's what I
'm playing I'm not playing
Hello Kitty icel man touch your
balls and we haven't broken any rules
We have played the game as it is made
game to be played and besides I
repeat again that if we had killed
people because we are  chasing we have
killed people because we are
raiding we have killed people because we are
going fagro Even though the rules are there look I could understand
it in a 1% I could come to
understand it we have killed people in a
[ __ ] pvp event in a pvp series and
we have killed everyone in the event and the
truth is it is true that
one day it is going to happen to me one day it is going to give me
Calm down calm down long live
Box to me man I am really
telling you no Monster it
doesn't seem like an outrage man then But
how is he going to start drinking Monster would say
that what happens in the game should
stay in the game itself and Today
yesterday tomorrow they kill me and there is no crying
possible it is a [ __ ] game called
permet If you die you are gone period and end there is
no more man It's that outrageous It's that
I do not understand the debate, I do not understand it
man, I do not
understand it you know what happens is that
now I want to go double agro
now after this of us being called
toxic bad people  of I don't know
what it is for playing a game, I mean,
since we get insults irl, that we
get insults ooc for something that
we do within the game it seems to me already already
traca traca traca traca traca traca
traca eh I mean the things
of it is that it is traca the game stays
in the game and if we screw you we go in the
game you return it to us in the game or you
shut your mouth you have sportsmanship and
accept the defeat dude and I don't nobody t I'm
sorry I mean really sorry if I get
heated I don't want to ruin the
experience for anyone or not or really
I'm sorry I don't want to ruin the
experience for anyone really no
but what I don't want is for it to ruin the
experience for me what I'm not going to
do I've never played for MZ I don't know
if people roleplay if they are if they are all
friends yes they are all good I don't know
because I never play this game when I
play any game like you guys if
you play when I play al zom Boy I haven't
played but I do play dez al al tarkov I don't
know  any game that has
Boy and is a Survival and has pvp I
assume bro for the years that I have been playing
video games I assume that anyone
who sees me is going to want to kill me for my
loot for my base because I am a threat
because I have weapons and when I play
like this game I assume that any
[ __ ] is going to want to kill me so assuming
that anyone is going to want to
kill me what I'm going to do is kill myself
first obviously bro this is what those
games are about then I would be forceful regarding
the subject of it is that I love it because the
guy While the other one is like that in that in
that Euphoria in that Euphoria of
explosion the guy sh is telling you the
news completely seriously as if he
were Matas prat and we are going as if he
were talking about some
serious statements that I tell you about a
deputy
you know the content I don't want I
feel it or rather I am not really more with
anyone nor nor do I want to get angry and I
feel man I think that the guy has not even
seen the clip someone
felt well it is that I do not feel it or rather
how can it be that they do not make any
comment about you clip [ __ ] or rather the
type my god my god leave the monster it's
that I'm not going to lie I don't want to I'm not
sorry bro be if we screwed up the
content to me what bro That's how the series is
if tomorrow a zombie bites me on the
ankle and my character dies
who do I yell at citur the
creator of if tomorrow he appears eh
juja or whoever I am and shoots me with
a shotgun and I ah that he saw it
live and recorded it live Kill
who am I mad at man I'm mad at juja with the one who
put the shotgun in the game
with whoever gave him the bullets with citus for
allowing it bro it's the game the rules don't
change because they suit you or because they don't suit you
because you have it in mind no I
have a week of content in
mind And what does it matter to me bro And what the [ __ ] do I care I
'm playing the game man
what do I really
care about the streaming of one of the
other cont one of the other I will care about
mine and my team I'm playing the
game man I don't understand it's that I don't  I
understand man It's that I don't
really understand it a little
sportsmanship man And I would end with these
harsh words It's that it seems
scary to me, man, no longer I mean, get involved, get involved
with people
offside, record the news live,
man South Hey, it's not a bad idea but of course, of
course the editor has to take care
of putting the clips, not of
squaring the clips in between,
not talking about our morals and
our empathy as if
behavior in a game sign I follow the
rules bro and playing the game
makes us bad I'm
only waiting for the last seconds of this
thing you know just to see if he ends up
alive people why for not giving you
the content that you think it deserves but it's that
I don't give a damn what you think you
deserve man I'm playing the game I'm
going to make my game And if I die today G
[ __ ] G I'm going to my house to play
courage But what is this for me Who watches
man if they kill me today or tomorrow or yesterday
and I'm not complaining because I'm not a
yorica And if I have  sportsmanship And if I
have sportsmanship if I don't complain to
me who will defend me because I'm not
going to complain if they kill me Well if they
kill me I'll say [ __ ] mother what a bastard what a pain in the ass I'll be
sad for Prim the
character but I'm not going to kick up a fuss
bro I'm not going to go around
saying that qu Unfair I will [ __ ] myself I will
say what a bastard I have done well to
something else who will defend me if they kill me
man we only defend the yoric we only
defend the people who complain No if
someone complains it's because they're right but
if someone has sportsmanship and ASSUMES
death and ASSUMES the game Ah then it's
okay only in the case that someone
cries it's
wrong [ __ ] but don't see don't see I'm ioned to
see my god what a mess they have what they
have Li for a video game my god
2000 years later but no that's not
it but my god what
La has for a video game dude that
if he were watching it there would be  I would
understand that being angry with the hairdresser, but
against against, I don't know what, I don't know how much the
game really makes me die, eh.
Hey, Juna is talking to me,
Yuna is talking to me and she says, "Wait, wait."